docs: Rename Admin Roles to get rid of Partner-naming (#1075)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: website/blog/2022-10-26-Release-0.md

**Audience:** Partner<br>

#### Description

> Partners and Platform Engineers can now select and edit tenant-aware services for their landing zones. Required as well as optional services can be defined for a landing zone. These services will be proposed to the end-user during project creation at the moment. In future these services will also be presented when adding a new tenant or just by booking a new service for a certain tenant on its tenant control plane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Organization Admin Users and Platform Engineers can now select and edit tenant-aware services for their landing zones. Required as well as optional services can be defined for a landing zone. These services will be proposed to the end-user during project creation at the moment. In future these services will also be presented when adding a new tenant or just by booking a new service for a certain tenant on its tenant control plane.
```
